java cDue Sep 23 by 11:59pm Points 70 Submitting a file upload
Available Sep 13 at 10am - Dec 24 at 11:59pm
Start Assignment
Assignment 2 (70 Points)
Due Monday Sep 23 at 11:59 PM
In this assignment, you need to parallelize simple programs using C++11 threads. There are two
problems in this assignment, and for each problem you are provided the serial C++ implementation, the
expected parallelization strategy, and the expected output to be generated by your parallel solution.
Before starting this assignment, you should have completed the Slurm Tutorial
(https://canvas.sfu.ca/courses/84236/pages/slurm-tutorial) which walks you through how to use our
private cluster for your code development. [NOTE: The cluster is not set up to run Slurm yet, so
please start the assignment on CSIL machines. We will send an announcement when the cluster
is ready.]
General Instructions
1. You are provided with the serial version of all the programs at assignment2.tar.gz
(https://canvas.sfu.ca/courses/84236/files/24448336?wrap=1)
(https://canvas.sfu.ca/courses/84236/files/24448336/download?download_frd=1) . To run a program
(e.g., curve_area.cpp ), follow the steps below:
Run make curve_area . This creates a binary file called curve_area .
Create a slurm job to run the binary file using the following command: ./curve_area --nPoints
10000000 --coeffA 2.0 --coeffB 4.0? --rSeed 15
Use the command-line argument --nPoints to specify the number of points to be generated
(detailed description about curve_area mentioned below).
2. All parallel programs should have the command-line argument --nThreads to specify the number of
threads for the program. Example: --nThreads 4 .
3. While testing your solutions, make sure that cpus-per-task is correctly specified in your slurm
config file based on your requirement.
4. You will be asked to print the time spent by different threads on specific code regions. The time spent
by any code region can be computed as follows:
timer t1;
t1.start();
 Assignment 2
 1/6
/* ---- Code region whose time is to be measured --- */
double time_taken = t1.stop();
5. Sample outputs for all the programs can be found in sample_outputs directory. Programs will be
evaluated and graded automatically. Please make sure that your program output strictly
follows the sample output format.
6. We have provided test scripts for you to quickly test your solutions during your development process.
You can test your code using the test script available at test_scripts/ . Note that these test scripts
only validate the output formats, and a different evaluation script will be used for grading the
assignments. Important: You should use slurm when performing these and other tests. The test
scripts under test_scripts/ folder test for up to 8 threads; make sure --cpus-per-task=8 is set in
your slurm job.
$ ls test_scripts/*tester.pyc
curve_area_tester.pyc heat_transfer_tester.pyc
1. Monte Carlo Estimation of Area Inside a Curve [25 Points]
The area inside an arbit代 写threads Assignment 2
代做程序编程语言rary curve can be computed using the mechanism explained in class, similar to
the Monte Carlo Pi Estimation and Monte Carlo Ellipse Area Estimation. In this problem, you will
compute the area inside a curve with the following equation:
Where a and b are positive numbers. For example, the curve represented by is shown
here:
Another example: The curve represented by is shown here:
The method can be summarized in the following steps:
 Assignment 2
 2/6
1. Consider a curve that follows the above equation with coefficients a and b. For the purposes of this
problem, both coefficients are >= 1. With these coefficient values, the curve will be completely
enclosed inside a square with corner coordinates (-1,-1), (-1,1), (1,1), (1,-1).
2. The ratio of the curve area to the square area is determined by the relative count of points inside the
curve to total points inside the square.
3. We randomly generate n points inside the square, where both the x-coordinate and y-coordinate are
between -1 and 1. Let cpoints out of the n points fall inside the curve. A point is determined to be
inside the curve if 
4. The area inside the curve is then approximated as: Area / 4 = cpoints / n ==> Area = 4 *
cpoints / n .
The program below implements the above algorithm.
 uint curve_count = 0;
 double x_coord, y_coord;
 for (uint i = 0; i /curve_area_tester.pyc --execPath=
--scriptPath=/curve_area_evaluator.pyc
2. Heat Transfer [45 Points]
A description of the heat transfer problem was discussed in class, and is also available from the LLNL
Parallel Computing Tutorial here (https://hpc.llnl.gov/training/tutorials/introduction-parallel-computing?tutorial#ExamplesHeat) . The following code shows the basic serial implementation for this problem:
 // Initialize Temperature Array Prev[][]. Points in the middle are set to mTemp while rest is se
t to 0
 for (uint stepcount=1; stepcount /test_scripts/heat_transfer_tester.pyc --execPath= --scriptPath=
Submission Guidelines
Make sure that your solutions folder has the following files and sub-folders. Let's say your solutions
folder is called my_assignment2_solutions . It should contain:
core/ -- The folder containing all core files. It is already available in the assignment package. Do
not modify it or remove any files.
Makefile -- Makefile for the assignment. This file should not be changed.
curve_area_parallel.cpp
heat_transfer_parallel.cpp
To create the submission file, follow the steps below:
1. Enter in your solutions folder, and remove all the object/temporary files.
 Assignment 2
 5/6
$ cd my_assignment2_solutions/
$ make clean
2. Create the tar.gz file.
$ tar cvzf assignment2.tar.gz *
which creates a compressed tar ball that contains the contents of the folder.
3. Validate the tar ball using the submission_validator.pyc script.
$ python /test_scripts/submission_validator.pyc --tarPath=/assignment2.tar.gz
Submit via canvas by the deadline.
 Assignment 2
 6/6         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp
